Hello everyone.
Welcome to the Debian graph section.
So firstly you do understand how to apply dynamic programming on graphs.
We first need to understand what are the F-Series?
The FSG.
What our baggage is.
So to understand these two very special, very important topics, because these are actually very important
topics because if you don't if you don't try to go deeper into the idea of history, then and back ages,
you can never understand how to apply dynamic programming on graphs, but to apply deep on graphs.
What we have to do is we have to first converted graph to a three.
We have to convert the graph to a tree.
So when I convert the graph to a tree, there will be some edges which are actually not part of the
tree because the tree has only and means when they are just right.
So m minus and minus one edges.
M is a number of edges in my graph.
These are this will not be a part of my current tree nature.
Those will be the best edges.
Good.
So just giving her a very small introduction, just just telling you on why we need to understand the
offseason packages.
Because we understand this.
Then we will use both of them and apply to find out articulation points.
Articulation points and bridges.
And bridges in the graph.
It will apply the knowledge of the first reason packages.
Find out how to figure out articulation, points and bridges in the graph and this link finding out
articulation points in bridges.
We need two very special terms which are called lowest time.
You will see that in the upcoming videos and the discovery time.
All of this has been explained in the upcoming lectures.
So to find out this Lewis name and the Discovery time, what we want is we want we have to apply dynamic
programming in this way.
So this is solvable only using dynamic programming.
So so let me just tell you how out of this section go.
The section starts from the industries goes to packages.
Using both of them, we figure out what is the lowest time, what is the discovery time?
And then using.
Yeah, because this Lewis time is actually calculated using dynamic programming right there.
You will understand how to apply dynamic programming on graphs.
And after that, after we have figured out Lewis timing discovery, then we'll figure out how to find
out articulation, points and bridges in the graph, which is a very, very important topic.
They.
So I hope you enjoy this section.
And yeah, one more thing.
I haven't made fresh videos of that because I already had some videos on defense on the freeze back
edges, articulation points and bridges by Barrett de Graph.
So I have this course which is called graph 2D.
Similarly, like this dynamic programming goes, we have this graph activity goals as well.
So from Degrassi because I have just picked up a few videos and edited them in the below section and
after that, after you understood the history is back added articulation points and bridges, these
timings and reviewing graphs.
Then we will talk some more problems on Libyan graphs and.
So I hope you like it.
Thank you.